You are a shameless thing
You really dare to rob Jiang Shao of a woman
Don't pee
Look in the mirror and see what kind of virtue you have
Who is Jiang Shao?
One of the best elites in the cloud
Who is your actor?
I don't even want the shaving strip from my Wang family
You dingo want to go to the sky
Look at this knife
Stop arguing
at a glance
Project No. 3, is the Wang family proportional?
I hope you too
For the sake of our family raising you for three years
Less clutter
Ye Tian, I know you're a little defensive right now
But this is not the reason why you harm my Wang family
Are you going to argue with me?
Do you feel at ease when you die in a net?
Has your conscience been eaten by a dog?
I think you misunderstood.
This is Project Three.
My grandfather didn't care.
Let me remind you again
If this project were filmed
Your Wang family is ruined
Xiu No. 3 box, I have been waiting day and night to study for a long time
One of the best solutions
In fact, you can veto it outright
I don't know where the trash came out
The doorway in this business
How can it be you, a stinky bastard?
I can guess
Full of nonsense shameful figure
I don't know whose rope is not tied properly
Let you out
No money no money
What kind of big wild wolf are you pretending to be here?
Broken family
My daughter's company was thriving
If you place an order for item No. 3
Then my Wang family can be attached to a family
And you're on the rise.
And your pharyngitis
Your deceptive trick has long been worn out
You are in the eyes of the Liu family
Just a street rat
Not even a dog